chore(release): pg 16 update to docs (#849)
sourcegraph/docs: docs/admin/postgres.mdx

pg_stat_statements
pg_trgm
pgcrypto
vector

> pg_vector

Reviewer: When I list in my devenv what extensions I have installed it only mentions `vector`. Is `pg_vector` the old name and you include it here just in case? Should we call out this distinction just below?

Reviewer 2: It should just be `vector` as that is what pg_vector shows up as.

> pg_vector

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion

```

```

## [Configuring PostgreSQL](/admin/config/postgres-conf)

### Upgrading Built-in PostgreSQL

> Sourcegraph deployments come packaged with containers using the `postgresql-16` image for `pgsql` and `codeintel-db` deployments and `postgresql-16-codeinsights` for `codeinsights`. These images contain an entryscript which will detect and upgrade postgres instances below version 12. See the (postgres 12 end of life notice)[/admin/prostgres12_end_of_life_notice#] for more details. 

Reviewer: minor: I believe it would only support upgrading from 12, not anything below 12?

Reviewer 2: > minor: I believe it would only support upgrading from 12, not anything below 12?

Yeah, that's correct. I don't _think_ we have any customers running anything older than 12 but we should be clear 😄

> WARNING: Upgrading the PostgreSQL database requires stopping your Sourcegraph deployment which will result in **downtime**.
>

> > Additionally, once started the upgrade process stopping the database container will corrupt sourcegraph data. We advise taking a backup before the upgrade. 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
> Additionally, once the upgrade process is started via the database container, interrupting the container before the upgrade is complete could result in corrupting the underlying Postgres database. We strongly advise taking a backup before the upgrade. 
```

The `PG_UPGRADE_EXTRA_ARGS` env var can be set in the built-in `postgresql-16` and `postgresql-16-codeinsights` deployments to provide extra arguments to the `pg_upgrade` command. 

> Setting `PG_UPGRADE_EXTRA_ARGS=--link` provides the `--link` option to `pg_update`. Creating a hard link between the old and new data directories. This option is faster and requires less disk space, but if containers are killed during the upgrade, corrupted data will be unrecoverable without a backup.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Setting the env var `PG_UPGRADE_EXTRA_ARGS=--link` provides the `--link` option to the underlying `pg_update`; creating a hard links between the old and new data directories instead of copying data. This option is faster and requires less disk space, however if the database containers are interrupted during the upgrade process there is a strong possibility of data corruption. This can still be a viable choice for users who are confident in their container scheduling and backups and would like to avoid longer downtimes.

```
